
=== Group: 5 (sampled 20 texts) ===
 Capella Space is a pioneer in Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) satellite technology and space-based signal intelligence . Capella is charting the future of Earth observation . InVita Healthcare Technologies is a leading software provider for complex medical, forensics, and community care environments . The posting will remain active until the position is filled, or a qualified pool of candidates is identified . The South Carolina Law Enforcement Division (SLED) is a premier statewide law enforcement agency dedicated to serving and protecting the citizens of South Carolina . The position will remain open for up to five days, with the posting being posted for as many as five days . BAE Systems, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regard to race, sex, age, color,


=== Group: 2 (sampled 20 texts) ===
 The US base salary range for this full-time position is $113,000-$161,000 . The ERP Application Product Specialist will be responsible for managing our Vista and Vista Web systems . Netflix is looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing,. large-scale system design, networking and data storage,. natural language processing, UI design and mobile . The SWT Team builds internal tooling that builds how our developers build, maintain, and test Netflix products . You’re not just writing backend code, you're building a product experience you believe in . You're passionate about observability, reliability, performance and ensuring these are understood by everyone on the team as it relates to our backend systems .


=== Group: 1 (sampled 20 texts) ===
 The Product Engineering Intern will join Lumafield’s Product team to prototype and ship experimental software that brings 3D data to life . The ByteDance Doubao (Seed) Team, is dedicated to pioneering advanced AI foundation models . The salary range listed and paragraph are only applicable to U.S.-based candidates . The position will be performed alongside a cohort of summer interns and is a paid position . We do not currently offer visa sponsorship or OPT eligibility . We encourage you to apply anyway – If you're excited about our technology, the opportunity, and are eager to learn more we’d love to hear from you! Etched  Ergo turns every customer conversation—across Zoom, email, Slack, and phone


=== Group: 4 (sampled 20 texts) ===
 Medtronic will consider for employment qualified job applicants with arrest or conviction records in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act . Cintel, Inc. expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment or discrimination based on any of the characteristics mentioned above . Alaska is not a state, but a state or state, or state of the United States, with jurisdiction in Washington DC or Alaska . Puerto Rico is one of the U.S. Virgin Islands and Alaska is a state of origin in the state of Washington, D.C., Alaska, Alaska, New England, Delaware and Delaware . The state of Puerto Rico has jurisdiction in Puerto Rico, Alaska and Hawaii . The U.N. has jurisdiction for Puerto


=== Group: 3 (sampled 20 texts) ===
 As a Data Engineer, you will monitor the measurement, audience and data products by developing Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), data pipelines, dashboards, and doing ad-hoc analysis to derive insights and opportunities . SRC offers a generous benefit package, including medical, dental, vision, 401(k) with a company match, life insurance, vacation and sick paid time off accruals starting at 10 days of vacation and 5 days of sick leave annually, 11 paid holidays, tuition reimbursement, and tuition reimbursement . Netflix has a unique culture and environment. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, . For more information: http://www.dailymailonline.com/news/business//


=== Group: 0 (sampled 20 texts) ===
 Akraya is an award-winning IT staffing firm consistently recognized for its commitment to excellence and a thriving work environment . At Ford Motor Company, we believe freedom of movement drives human progress . At Scribd (pronounced “scribbed”), our mission is to spark human curiosity . At Sherwin-Williams, our purpose is to inspire and improve the world by coloring and protecting what matters . At Recidiviz is creating safer, healthier communities by improving outcomes for people in the criminal justice system . At Gusto, we're on a mission to grow the small business economy . At Bridge, we offer "Culture Conversations Conversations" to help you gain insights into our culture . All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines .


=== Group: 6 (sampled 13 texts) ===
 The group says they embrace responsibility to change the way the world is now and that it will be better for all in the future . They say they want the change to be more equitable, safe and for the future of all of the world . We want to lead change that makes our world safer, safer, more equitable and more for all, not just for the sake of all, but for the benefit of all . Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that will make our world better, safer and more equitable for all . We embrace responsibility for the change we want to make the world better and safer for all for all. We are committed to leading


